and as I mentioned chewing gum there
that's one of those shows it's like a
cult people who like that show love it I
mean they're crazy about it
he's pretty premium pretty wonderful to
have that kind of response yeah I could
see it opened presumably lots of doors
for you you got like those pretty
episodes of black mirror and then the
Star Wars call came yes yes which didn't
take much thinking for me at all because
those were things for everyone you know
kind of you know what are you up to Star
Wars
going to black mirror and they showed me
the spaceship for USS callus though the
episode ideas and they were like Mikaela
welcome to the spaceship and I was kind
of like I've done Star Wars I've seen
bigger spaceships I'm so cute it's
really cute you bring us an
extraordinary new BBC drama I may
destroy you and this is all based on
your experiences yeah I wouldn't say all
of it's based on my experiences but the
inspiration for the show yeah was based
on my experiences I was spiked and a
sexually assaulted by a stranger about
four years ago and so that became the
inspiration but as I began writing I
started talking to my friends and
friends and friends came forward about
their experiences and I realized how
common this experience was how common
sexual assaults was so I decided to
write and really explore the different
ways that consensus can be stolen and
what this strange blurred line between
liberation and exploitation in in this
modern life we live
[Applause]
[Music]
and there are quite a few scenes where
you're in big clubs and the music's
playing are they whoa fully awkward to
film because presumably you're not
hearing any music do you know what
they're really fun they're really fun
and I think everybody assumes the scenes
like that are going to be awkward to
shoot because there's no music but I
like to make it one of my objectives to
make the crew laugh to make the extras
and the supporting artists laugh so I
always go like really far like in the
rehearsal to get people to break the ice
and then everybody's having fun and
actually we we've shot Club scenes for
the entire day and had messages back
from the supporting artists saying oh my
god so I I enjoy I actually I'm saying
I'm meeting him again we nearly work
together didn't we because you were a
guest judge on RuPaul's Drag Race yes
now in the picture you look so happy
I mean it was a dream what I think this
bit of the day is kind of my favorite
when you take this picture good look do
you you're wearing like big stacked
heels you've got your hair up and yet
you stand next to RuPaul you still could
be a garden gnome I know I'm so chuffed
I'm it's like I'm
[Laughter]
[Music]
you